STOCKS ANALYSIS PROGRAM
USER MANUAL
 
PART 1 
HOME SCREEN
When you start to run the program, the program will start and show the USER MANUAL SCREEN of the software, as shown in Figure-1.1.
Figure-1.1
On the menu bar, there are three choices, User Manual, Stock Analyzer, and Stock Predictor. Click on one of them, then you can switch to new screen.
−Click User Manual will switch to this document which shows you the instructions on how to use this software.
−Click Stock Analyzer will switch to the STOCK ANALYZER SCREEN which allows you to make basic analysis on the stock you choose.
−Click Stock Predictor will switch to the STOCK PREDICTOR SCREEN which allows you to predict the close price of the stock you choose.

PART 2 
STOCK ANALYZER
If you left click on the Stock Analyzer, the STOCK ANALYZER SCREEN presented in Figure-2.1 will appear.
Figure-2.1
In this screen, you can input the ticker symbol of a stock you wish to analyze, and input the historical start and end date. After you input everything, click on Search button.
−If you input a wrong ticker symbol which is not exists, a message will pop up as presented in Figure-2.2 saying “No such ticker!”.
−If you enter the wrong start date and end date, for example a date earlier than the stock's listing time, or a future date, then a message will pop up as presented in Figure-2.3 saying “Start date and end date must be between Jan 1, 2000 - today. Please input again.”.
Figure-2.2
Figure-2.3
If you see one of the messages in Figure-3.2, Figure-3.3, and Figure-3.4, you need to input the correct information accordingly.
According to the information you input, analyzer will present the descriptive analytics of the trading price for the company you select, as shown in Figure-2.4. 
Figure-2.4
The result screen will automatically present the charts of Close Price, MA (MA5, MA10, MA20), MACD, and Volume as shown in Figure-2.5. 
Figure-2.5

PART 3 
STOCK PREDICTOR
If you left click on the Stock Predictor, the STOCK PREDICTOR SCREEN presented in Figure-3.1 will appear. 
Figure-3.1
In this screen, you can input the ticker symbol of a stock you wish to predict, and input the historical start and end date as base date for acquiring training data, and a date of the stock price you wish to forecast. After you input everything, click on Pridict button.
−If you input a wrong ticker symbol which is not exists, a message will pop up as presented in Figure-3.2 saying “No such ticker!”.
−If you enter the wrong start date and end date, for example a date earlier than the stock's listing time, or a future date, then a message will pop up as presented in Figure-3.3 saying “Start date and end date must be between Jan 1, 2000 - today. Please input again.”.
Figure-3.2
Figure-3.3
If you see one of the messages in Figure-3.2, and Figure-3.3, you need to input the correct information accordingly.
According to the information you input, predictor will present the predicted price on the selected date, as shown in Figure-3.4.
Figure-3.4


